# CS 126 FinalProject

How it is built:
The project is built by using ofMesh, ofImage, and ofTrueTypeFont. I built the grid by using ofMesh to draw all the lines seen in the attack phase and in the viewing of ships. I called the grid in the setup function from another function called grid(). In the grid function I created two for loops. One is for creating the vertical line and the other for creating the horizontal ones. I made the grid one larger on the x and y axis so that I could put in the coordinates. I was going to use true type for that but ofDrawBitMap() worked really well. So in the playGame() function I called the function where I created the coordinates. In that function I created to for loops. One was for the nuber corrdinates and the other for the letters coordinates. In the draw() function I check if either hit counter has hit 17, which means all spots have been hit, and that tells me if I call the endGame() function or playGame() function. The end game displays one of two end screens saying if either player one or two has won. On that screen I use ofTrueTypeFont and ofImage. I thought an image would be nice andfont was to small so I wanted to use my own. also the default  Else if the counter is not at 17 it continues on the game, where it tells the draw function which function to use next. Then for a lot of the actual gameplay code instead of buttons which I originally thought I would use, I used mousepressed, which turned out to be a lot better. I had two main if statements inside mousepressed. Before I implemented those for the x and y axis I divided them by 100 and 80 respectively then added 1 to each so it would be the coordinates of the actual gameboard itself. The first statement is if they click the top left corner, (-1, -1), where it is written "See Fleet", which take the player to see where his/her ships are located. I call either my display ships 1 or 2 function to do this depending onthe turn. Then they click it again to go back. Finally once the player has chosen his attack the area switches to "End Turn" where once clicked it goes to the other players attack screen. The second statement is if they click the main game board. When a square is clicked the button turns red if hit or white if missed. I do this by calling my either the player 1 attack display function or my player 2 attack display function dependeing on the turn. Then the (-1, -1) switch happens and it is repeated to the counter hits 17.

How to Play:
It starts with an empty grid and the first player has two options. Click "See Fleet" in the upper left hand corner. Which will take them to see where all the ships are located. Or they can click the gameboard. Once a square is selected the board freezes so they can not pick anymore and in that upper left hand corner the words have changed to "End Turn". Once a space is clicked all the player can do is end their turn. Once end turn is pressed the other player does there process. Once all the ships have been destroyed a screen while po up saying who has one and the game is over.
